Hey folks, this is Tom Nash and I'm
going to explain today why Palunteer at
600 PE is an extremely undervalued stock
and still in 2025 somehow completely
misunderstood. Now right now Palunteer
just hit $140 per share as of the making
of this video with the way Palanteer
behaves. It might be 70 or 240 by the
time this video comes out. Doesn't
matter. Doesn't change anything that I'm
going to say today. The stock down 500%
the past year, 1,400%
since we started talking about it back
in 2020 with the DPO. The stock has made
me and my community a lot of money. It
has punished a lot of traders, a lot of
ders, a lot of haters, a lot of shorts.
Nothing changes. It's going to continue
to do the same thing. Reward the patient
investors and punish the doubters, the
haters, and the opportunist. basically
the traders. Now, in this video, I'm
going to explain why still today,
despite the enormous ginormous PE ratio
of 600, this is still an extremely
undervalued stock. At the end of the
lecture, I'm going to share with you my
new and updated price target for
Palanteer for the next 5 years. I'm
going to give it away for free. No payw
wall, not posting this on my Patreon,
not posting this on my academy.
Everybody will see it today. So don't
click nothing, don't smash nothing,
don't buy nothing. Let's get to it and
let's start with the first thing on the
agenda today. Okay. So we have
established I think over the past 5
years and this is a little bit of a
light-hearted opener to the video that
Paner despite all these so-called
experts is not a $5 stock after all. I
think we can all agree to the same
clowns that have told you that Palunteer
is a $5 stock. They should switch
professions. They no longer should be
doing any stock analysis because they
have cost you, if you listen to them, a
lot of money and miss opportunities. I
think we also established the fact that
Alex Karp banging on the table during a
conference call was not a big deal after
all. In fact, it's just Alex being Alex.
I think we also established that a lot
of experts will never engage in stock
analysis in the public domain again
having destroyed their reputation on the
stock and also think that the main thing
here to take away is that if you was
patient with the stock if you had
discipline if you put your emotions on
the side and was just cold logical
basically Russian and you basically
approached this thing as a business
decision You ignore the noise. You tune
out all this stuff that were irrelevant.
You have made a lot of money on the
stock. And right now, I'm here to show
you there is more money to be made here.
But I'm also going to be talking about
the IPE. I'm going to be giving you a
way to manage risk and reduce risk in
the short term. If you're holding
Palunteer and you're thinking about
selling, you may be nervous. I have
answers for everybody in today's video.
Whether you are a new investor, an
existing investor with a lot of money,
or you're thinking about getting a
position on Palunteer, let's go through
the numbers. Let's go through the data.
So, Palanteer is at 600p right now. That
is a fact. Now, the first thing I want
to explain here today, that's kind of
the misunderstood point about PE ratios,
price to earnings ratios, right? I have
my share of doubt about these ratios in
the past, but nevertheless, I accept the
fact that they give an objective way of
looking at companies. Even though I'm
not the biggest fan of PE ratios in
general, I've been on record many times
saying that pees don't matter, right? If
you are going to look at pees as a way
to put everybody on the same playing
field and compare companies, sure, go
ahead and do it. But just understand one
thing, you should be looking at forward
pees, not current pees. The name is
misleading.
Current PE talks about the history.
Forward PE talks about the current
situation. Forward PE is basically what
the company right now is expected to
deliver versus current PE is what
happened a quarter ago, a year ago. It
does not matter as much as 4P. So when
you're going to be looking at PE ratios
in general, if you are so inclined,
please look at the forward PE, not the
current PE. The 4P of Paneteer is still
inflated as hell. 284P,
that is insane. It is a very, very, very
high PE. I'm not going to be blowing
smoke up your bum trying to sell you
that 280p is somehow a reasonable PE.
It's okay. No, it is extremely
expensive. This stock is extremely
expensive. It is selling at uber extra
premium prices. No doubt at all. But on
the same playing field, we have to
acknowledge why this is happening. Is
this partially because of hype? Sure. Is
this partially because of traders
essentially blowing the smoke and
creating this insanity right now? Sure.
A lot of this has to do with the traders
and all the noise around the stock.
Sure. But about 70% of it is actually
justified. And that 70% comes from the
fact that this is the number one company
in its category. In fact, they have
completely monopolized the software
infrastructure of AI. If you're talking
about large language models becoming
pretty much a commodity. If you're
talking about energy right now being big
and data centers and chips,
those are with the exception of Nvidia's
GPUs which are almost as monopolistic as
Palanteer's AIP.
Everything else is a jungle right now.
Everybody's competing for their little
piece of the pie. Nvidia has GPUs in the
stronghold. Palanteer has the operating
software in the stronghold. No matter
which LLM you choose, no matter whatever
AI you want to implement in your
business, AIP is going to take it and
supercharge your business with it. It's
absolutely industry agnostic and LLM
agnostic and AI agnostic in general. And
there is nothing else. Tina, this is
literally the only show in town. Okay,
let's move forward.
So,
let me not hating not hating at all on
Honda Civics. I think they're terrific
cars. I love them. They can last you 20
years easy. Wonderful cars. But a Honda
Civic is going to cost you about 30
grand, right? Depends on where you're
going to buy that, right? A Model X
Plaid, which can give you insane
performance, is going to cost you a
100,000, give or take. I'm just giving
rough estimate numbers, right? If you
want to buy a supercar, let's say a
Kigzig, which is a Swedish supercar
brand with the world's best cars, you're
going to be paying2 to4 million. Okay.
The difference, this is a car. This is a
car. This is a car. Is Kigse expensive?
Yes. Is it massively overthe-top? Yes.
Does it cost a lot more than the Civic?
A lot more than Tesla Model X Plaid,
which is an insanely good car? Yes. But
this is a Kig. If you look it up on
Google, you'll see what I'm talking
about. These cars are out of this world.
You're getting a unique product that is
nothing like anything you've ever seen
before. Now, you pay extra for premium.
Sure, you pay extra, extra, extra for
elite, for the best in the business. And
Palanteer is indeed that supercar. That
is why it's going to cost you two to
four million. It's not going to cost
$30,000 because it's not delivering the
same value. In the case of Palunteer,
that value is not the driving
experience. That driving experience is
good for cars. But in our world, we're
talking about the world domination that
is coming down the pipeline with
Palunteer. Essentially, what I was
saying for the past few years, Palunteer
is about to become the world's most
important software company. That sounded
insane 5 years ago still sounds kind of
half not really plausible today. But in
five years, this is not going to be even
a thing of of challenge. I mean, it's
obvious where this thing is headed. And
still, a lot of people refuse to read
the tea leaves. And that's okay. I'm not
here for everyone. I'm here for people
who want to learn and who want to
understand this. Now, for those who are
numbers obsessed, I get it. I get it.
The story is phenomenal. And one of my
greatest uh idols of all time, Ashwa the
Modan always talks about the combination
of the story with the numbers. Just the
story alone not good enough. The numbers
alone without the story not good enough.
So let me show you. I've talked about
the story, right? What about the
numbers? Even the numbers are elite.
Elite.
Right now Palunteer is giving you 92 and
a half% net income growth per year.
Okay, almost doubling its net income
every year. It's giving you a free cash
flow of 105% per year. Okay, this is
insane. 1.3 billion.
1.3 billion every year of free cash
flow. Sales are growing insanely. Cash
is growing insanely. 40% cash growth.
80% gross margin. And rule of 40 of 80.
Now, rule of 40 of 40 is elite. Rule of
40 of 80 is a card that does pretty much
0 to 100 in.8 seconds. In this example,
this is supercharged.
There's not a lot of companies that can
give you these numbers, all of this. But
the thing is, it's not just these
numbers. It's not just that. If it was
just great fundamentals, so be it. But
it's the combo package of this whole
thing, right? And people are going to
say, "Well, Tom, you're just hyping it
up." It's like Tom, you're getting paid
by Palunteer. Have you seen the share
price? I need to be paying them. They've
changed my life. They changed a lot of
my community's life. Not getting paid by
anyone. The growth,
plus the margins, which are insane, plus
the lack of debt, plus massive cash,
plus the monopoly status, plus the
massive demand in the pipeline, make
Palunteer into a unicorn.
They are a unicorn unlike any other
company in the world. They're a premium.
They're one out of one. You're going to
pay for that accordingly.
Well, AAP right now is exploding right
now. 70% growth in US commercial. That's
just AAP. We got six consecutive
quarters of gap profitability. We've got
nine figures in cash, no debt. We've got
endless government contracts and the net
dollar retention of Palanteer is 120%.
Mean each client every year pays the
same thing they paid last year and plus
on average 20% more existing clients not
talking about all the new you know
clients that coming down the pipeline.
120% net retention is insane.
We're talking about a founder CEO who's
never going to go anywhere. He is the
company. his class F shares also
basically prevent from anybody ever
 with this company. We got top
tier talent. We have top tier culture.
By the way, the stockbased compensation,
that is why they have top tier talent.
For all the naysayers, that is how you
lock in top tier talent. They play
really, really well with the cloud
providers with Microsoft, Google,
Amazon. They play really well. None of
them wants to compete. Microsoft kind of
tried with fabric and fell on their ass.
It's a lesson for everybody else. Don't
try to compete with Palanteer. You're
not going to win. Even Microsoft
couldn't do it. And
basically AIP gives you right now
something insane. Decisions that took
six weeks now take six seconds with AIP.
You can hear it in every AIP con from
CEOs who are saying this on stage about
their company. It's not me making stuff
up. You've got CEOs go watch AIP cons.
How much money is that worth? And that's
just the tip of the iceberg. It's just
the beginning.
So, what's the strategy here, Tom? Well,
number one, the best time to plant a
tree was year ago. The next best time is
today. Okay, don't miss the next one.
Whether the next one is Palunteer or
maybe there's another Palunteer, Peter
Lynch always said, waiting for a
correction cost people way more money
than the corrections themselves. So,
you're looking at the market, you look
at the share price, saying, "Oh my god,
I'm going to wait for it." Okay,
use logic, not emotions. When I have a
gut feeling about a stock, I go to the
toilet. This is not about gut feelings.
It's about numbers. It's about logic.
Forget about this stuff. All these
so-called experts, just do the work,
folks. If you're interested in
Palanteer, do the work. Read about
Foundry. Read about Gotham. Watch AIP
Cons. Learn about AIP.
Make a decision if it fits you. It's not
a stock for everyone. that the CEO is
opinionated, he's vocal, they're
pro-Israel, they're pro- West, they're
volatile as hell, they're not standard,
a lot of noise around the stock. Do you
want to own that? Is it, you know,
suitable for you personally, that kind
of a stock? If the answer is no, don't
buy. Simple. Forget the share price. If
it's yes, then slowly
DCA slowly. By the way, if you are up
big on this stock, if you've been
investing with us for the past couple
years and you're up big, trim, trim 30%.
Trim 30%. If it continues to go up, you
still have 70% in the game. And if it
drops, you've already taken out 30% at
the peak. You win no matter what. Okay?
Just a suggestion. No financial advice.
Do you I'm just saying what's the right
risk management strategy for existing
investors with a lot of risk with a lot
of built-in gains. I'm just saying you
got to be the lion here. What do I mean
by being the lion? You DCA slowly right
now when the stock is absolutely
euphoric. When the stock drops, you
pounce on it like the lion out of the
bush. Just a couple of months ago,
Palanteer went from 120 to 65 to 70 and
then back up to 120. You could have been
the lion back then. Be the lion. Buy
slow right now. stay in the bush and
when the opportunity comes you can
pounce it and double down and use our
2XDCA system which I teach in the
academy.
Now talking about the academy, if you
want to find the next Palunteer, if you
want to understand Palanteer better, if
you want to get ahead of 90% of retail
investors, join Ro Academy,
patreon.com/tomash.
Not done yet. I promised you something
in this video and I'm going to deliver.
My price targets for Palanteer for the
next 5 years, 2030. Barecase, $472, 240%
upside. Medium case, $695,
$46% upside. and bullcase $918
568% upside
a lot a lot success a lot of perfection
is baked in into these prices I get it
palunteer is not for everyone I get it
but if you want to learn more about the
stock before you put a single dollar
please go do some research watch
previous videos watch AP con get some
understanding about the stock does it
fit you forget the price action forget
the noise be smart I'll see you next one
peace